- the *keydown* event fires every time a user presses a key on their keyboard, which is a good way to add more interactivity to input elements. This is convenient for users who need to constantly click to get a certain output from their input. 
- e as a parameter to callback functions is a common parameter name for the *event object*.
- "!" can be used to check if a value is falsy, e.g. !null is true, while !true is false. Note: an empty string is also falsy.
- parseInt() converts a string into an integer OR whole number. It takes at least one argument (a string to be converted), and returns either an integer or NaN (not a number). This method avoids characters such as ., +, and e that are invalid in this context. 
- isNaN() function takes a string or a number as an argument, and returns true if it evaluates to NaN, and false if it doesn't. 
- *Stack* is a data structure where items are stored in a LIFO (last-in-first-out) manner. A *call stack* is then a collection of function calls stored in a stack structure. When you call a function, it is added to the top of the stack, and when it returns, it is removed from the top/end of the stack. 
- *recursive function* is a function that calls itself over and over; so, be careful to not create an infinite loop. To avoid creating an infinite loop in a recursive function, introducing a *base case* is helpful. A base case stops an infinite loop from running once it hits the base case. Once we have a base case, for example, when an input is equal to 0, the loop breaks (returns), we should introduce a *recursive case*, based on which the loop should run.
- When writing the recursive case, remember 2 things: 1. What is the base case? 2. What is the least amount of work you need to do to get closer to the base case?
String() turns its argument into a string. 
setTimeout(arg1, arg2) - arg1 should be a callback function, while arg2 should be a number representing the time in milliseconds to wait before executing the callback function. setTimeout() is asynchronus, meaning that if there are other lines of codes to be executed, they will be executed despite the line of code that has setTimeout. So, to maintain synchronisity, use multiple setTimeout().